# Simple-Wii-Homebrew-for-SD
A quick, easy to install setup for Wii Homebrew. Install the .zip and extract it to your SD card. Has a few Homebrew apps, and predownloaded cIOS files for ease of installation.
For cIOS, I have the downloader on the zip already, so just select base 56 on slot 249 and then base 57 on slot 250. You can use the Wad Manager on it to install USBLoaderGX as a channel, so you don't have to go to Homebrew Channel everytime. To get the homebrew channel, go to the attached link, type in your Wii's MAC address, select your version, which is 4.3U in North America, 4.3E in Europe, 4.3J in Japan, and 4.3K in Korea. Download it/click cut the red wire and extract the contents to your SD card. After that, open your message board and there should be a red letter with a bomb on it. Click that and install Homebrew Channel. Then format the SD card to FAT32 and extract this zip file to the SD card, and thats it. *Please note to follow these instructions carefully. If done incorrectly, it could brick your Wii, rendering it useless. If followed correctly, it will be fine. For YAWMM, open the app on the Homebrew Channel, and select the USB Loader GX file that should be in the root of your SD card and install it. I do not provide ISOs for games, as I do not recommend piracy, as it is a crime in most countries. If your Wii has parental controls, go to Parental Controls in the settings menu, then click I forgot until a code shows up. Then go to the site for Salt MHax, or just Google "Salt MHax" and put in your Wii Inquiry Code and type in the Master Code Salt gives you.
